Yawn, let me know when the GOP condemns alt-right militias that drive truckboms to banks in Oklahoma city. (yes that really happened)
Stupid cons: "Lets go to Berkeley and antagonize stupid libs" --- "waaaaaaaaa they didn't like it run away"
If we're rounding up every member of an organization because of the violent actions of a few, then I guess it's time to start throwing white conservative christians in jail!
If there's no "alt-right" then murdering protesters with cars is now mainstream for Republicans?
Wait, so "Antifa" marches down the street brandishing firearms screaming hateful slogans about people based on their race or sexual orientation?
Wait, I thought when someone is assaulted for speaking their minds, Trump offers to pay for the attackers legal bills.
After 8 years the right finally supports the government and doesn't call for it's overthrow. LOL!
Can you believe that Trump celebrated the deaths of innocent people by Arapios deputies?
Did Trump really rape his oldeest daugther who bore his youngest son?
Dumpsters cheered when anti-Trump protesters were assaulted at his fascist rallies ... NOW suddenly they abhor violence? LOL worthless garbage all of them.
Are you stupid dumpsters positive Dump isn't a serial rapist?
Cons are just too stupid to admit that America rejected them. Lost the popular vote by 3M votes, pretend it was "voter fraud".
Trump should start arresting the right's paramilitary army of "constitutionlists" and fascists pushing for "reovlution" and the overthrow of our government with violence.
Cons support a candidate that gets help from the Soviets and takes millions from Russian gangsters. Uses a fake charity to bribe the Florida AG. MAGA!
So fun watching Republicans STILL failing to repeal the ACA
LOL I love it as soon as cons are losing in a debate they make up some insane nonsense and wait for everyone to get confused and leave.
Cons are such hypocritical lunatic sociopaths. They want limited government, then cheer bathroom bills, military spending, trade tarrifs and anything else that makes them feel good.
The difference between the KKK and "antifa" is that the KKK is an actual hate group with a history of violence and murder and the alt-right just wishes "antifa" was.
Dumpsters mistake "free speech" with "consequence free speech" -- when you march down the street screaming about racial superiority you can expect people to disagree.
You stupid dumpsters. Nixons southern strategy is a thing, and we've not forgotten. Hey, wasn't he the last criminal president who refused to release his tax returns? How'd he end up?
How'd Sarah Palins law suit against the "fake media" work out? LOL I guess real courts don't have time for stupid alt-right conspiracy theories.
Record rainfall cons call it "just a storm" but you offer Medicaid to poor people and the stupid idiots scream "OMG TYRANNY" and buy millions of guns.
The only thing that Trump has been able to repeal and replace is his cabinet.
Read the constitution, you'll understand the government shouldn't be providing for you and making sure you live a leisurely life. If you can't get a job, it's YOUR FAULT, not Mexicans or Chinese or whatever and you don't need big government to save you.
I like cheap goods from China and Mexico. I don't work in a factory and I don't want to, and I have no sympathy for some grade 10 drop out who wants to make $70k/yr pressing "fill" on some assembly line.
Cons have no sympathy for my student debt, I have no sympathy for their lost jobs. #buyChinese #noCoal
End social security, right now, today. Let the Trump voting baby boomer scum get a taste of "small government".
Even with his "very presidential" response to Hurricane Harvey the dumpsters approval rating is still in the trash.
It's so cute how the cons are still sobbing about Hillary 9 months after the election.
Our President is awesome, he's got no legislative achievements to his credit.
Trump is the perfect representative of modern conservatives: fat, white, racist dying baby boomer who sucked on the government tit his whole life and claims he did it all himself.
Even Trump, as stupid as he is, knows that the violence from his conservative base fires up his party.
Unfortunately for the "freedom movement" the United States is heavily armed.
I wonder if Trump supporters felt good beating up a 16 year old and her father ... who were both white??
Sorry, Republicans, but violence should never be used in America to suppress the political opinion of legal citizens.
There really aren't multiple cons posting in here. It's just one that is using his dead parents personalities. Kind of like how cons vote in elections.
Conservatives don't want to work hard or learn a new skill. They're dependent on big government protecting their low skill, high paying jobs. Very weak and sad.
Baby Boomers are the worst generation. Liberals of convenience when they didn't want to go to Vietnam, they contribute nothing. Moocher generation.
I've never worked in a factory and I don't want to. If you can't find a job, take some personal responsibility, don't cry to big government to save you.
Bush was searching Iraq for "Nookular bombs" while North Korea was actually building them. Stupid cons.
Cons are just as worthless as flooding in Houston!
Remember when Trump botched the Yemen raid and got good people killed? He's here to fuq up all over again except now Baby Huey wants to play with nukes.
Under Obama the Norks detonated a 10 kilo bomb, under Trump 100 kilo bomb. Trump made the problem 10X worse.
Good Christian conservatives pushed out pastor Rev. Robert W. Lee IV for opposing racism
Good Christian conservative Matthew Phelps stabbed his wife to death, says Jesus told him to do it. Was high on Oxy.
Stupid dumpsters want the government to make sure everyone has a good job - just like the worthless commies they are
Stupid dumpsters can't wait to kick all the Mexicans out so we can pay a "decent wage" to "hard working Americans" who dropped out in grade 10. $12/lb tomatoes coming whooooo!!!!!
So the good news here is now stupid cons can go pick lettuce for $15/day in 95 degree heat and actually get a taste of hard work for a change.
Democrats lead, Trump follows, and Republicans just get out of the way.
Conservatives are always looking to blame someone else for their own problems. Sad.
Stupid brain dead cons love to scream about Chicago, a city in a typically bankrupt Conservative state - calling it a Liberal City - and ignore SFO, BOS and other "liberal cities" in blue states that don't suffer out of control gun violence.\n\nThey're just stupid, small, pathetic people those cons.
Its funny how cons are still trying to call Dems "losers" - they control the house, the senate, the executive and couldn't get their own stupid agenda through. Losers. Weak, submissive betas. Very weak.
I kept my doctor and my plan -- I also have a degree and a job that doesn't have posters about the correct way to lift in the breakroom
U.S. Household Wealth Rises $1.7 Trillion to Another Record. \n\nThanks President Obama for rescuing the economy!
I don't understand Cons, they say they want a conservative SCOTUS then they go and nominate Romney
So much crying and pouting and ranting and raving from the Conservative Snowflakes here.\n\nAre all the cons this mentally fragile?\n\nOr is it just here?
22 states now say businesses can NOT ban guns on their property -- but cons cheer one homophobic baker.
It's hard to define conservatives as people. They act like, and should be treated as vicious wild animals.
"and thou shalt engage in congress out of wedlock and should the woman be with child thou shalt encourage her to have an abortion while lecturing others on the evils of abortion"\n\n- conservatives 3:16
Con vocabulary:\nLiberal: Someone who never believed the bullsh!t\nRINO: Someone who stopped believing the bullsh!t\nPatriot: Someone who only believes the bullsh!t
What kind of disgusting animal would leave poor sick kids to suffer so we could buy more weapons?\n\nOh, right, a Christian Conservative. LOL.
Cons: Forcing women to deliver unwanted children and damning them to a life of misery and suffering since 1981.
Cons logic: Life beings at conception, suffering begins at your first breath.\n\nThat's why they defund planned parenthood AND CHIP
Con logic: All problems which can't be blamed on "the government" simply do not exist.
Do you think his idiot followers will even care that the orange garbage dump is breaking every campaign promise?
You stupid cons be sure to read George Papadopoulos new book "Art Of The Plea Deal".
