Sunday, time for stupid brainwashed cons to hear a child molesting priest tell them their made up God hates gays. LOL
Mary had a go with all 3 wisemen, they paid her in gold. She made Joseph watch, he cried into her myrrh.
Jesus was a black transvestite who came to earth to give crack to white children.
Catholic priests take offerings and use them to pay for gay orgies around Rome.
Q: Why did Jesus walk on water? A: To get across the Rio Grande!!!\nLOL\n(if you cons are too stupid to get it, Jesus is a Hispanic name)
At the last supper, Jesus ate come out of Marks ass hole. They call that The Feast of Saint Santorum.
Stupid cons, even Jesus cared about the poor.
God created the world in 6 days, destroyed it, waited another 65 million years and created it again. He forgot to clean up the dinosaur fossils.
There’s a psalm blessing people who crush babies with rocks.
You stupid cons know the end of Mark is a forgery right?
Nazis thought they were doing God’s work, too.
Does God bless the KKK? They march for a white Christian nation. Are they soldiers of God?
The die hard Trump supporters are made up of creationism teaching school teachers that are poisoning your children's mind.
Cons replaced science with "Jesus" their invisible superman in the sky
Jesus grew up and started living in trailers injecting Fentanyl and snorting oxy.
I wanna get on my knees and start pleasing Jesus, I wanna feel his lovin' all over my face
I just want to feel you deep inside me, Jesus
Good Christian conservatives pushed out pastor Rev. Robert W. Lee IV for opposing racism.
Good Christian conservative Matthew Phelps stabbed his wife to death, says Jesus told him to do it. Was high on Oxy
Jesus and his family had to escape to a new land to avoid danger, as immigrant families sometimes do.
Cons snort Oxy to get closer to God
Jesus died to save everybody, not Just Christians, Most evangelists forget that part.
a True Church has its doors open to sinners, not just Christians, but that is only if you believe in Jesus.....
Funny how cons demand small government, and have strong opinions about what two consenting men do with eachother
"True" heterosexuality is being married 3 times just like president bone spur
Arrogant cons assume Gods authority and judge others -- their souls will burn for their sins
Christian law has no place in our republic, resist the radical Christian extremists pushing their agenda of hate.
Christians perfected the Jewish cookies in Germany.
If God is the perfect creator, then God created homosexuals, which means homosexuals are perfect.\n\nStupid cons.
On the fifth day, God created conservatives and cursed, because he'd not yet created "undo"
Thump that thar bible boy!
Christofascism is a dangerous anti-social cult that wants to replace our republic with religious extremism.
If we would tax the hate cult-of-Christ we could pay down the debt AND continue bombing kids like the cons want
Racist mega-churches acquire millions in assets, claim to be non-profits.
The only difference between Christianity and Scientology is lower fees.
