Newt Gingrich divorced his terminally ill wife to elope with his secretary.
^^^ Still believes Barron is Melanias son
Dennis Hastert rapes little boys
Mark Foley is a good Conservative Christian touching the little boys
Larry Craig is a good conservative Christian. No transgender bathrooms that's only for illicit Gay Sex
Barrons birth certificate says Mother: Ivanka Trump, Father: Unknown. ..... Everyone knows it's Donald
Look, the truth is, the whole video is on Hilary's moon base, Trump was trying to see it during the eclipse that's why he took his glasses off.
Dump is working overtime trying to keep his base throwing those Nazi salutes at him.
Donald Trump was golfing when North Korea launched multiple missiles.
How embarrassing for you. You need a man hug from Mark Foley.
Joel Osteen opened up the church to young white Christian men under 18 -- they can stay in his room.
Felix Sater is leaking like the Trump whitehouse.
President bone spur Trump got 5 draft deferments -- real tough!
GWB created ISIS. Obama got Osama.
How many prescription painkillers have you Trump supporters snorted today?
The deep state ... IS IN YOUR HEAD! Quick use your pistol to get them out!
Jerry Sandusky loves small government ... and small boys!
Trump got herpes licking coke off a toilet seat
Fox News is a shill for the corrupt "Repiblicon" party.
I've been hanging out in a Church bathroom that has a wicked glory hole for 10 years and got AIDS. Jesus gave it to me.\n\n~ liberals
Fox news klan Dominionists nazi gop cucks will drink the koolaid tiny hands feeds them.
The Republicant Party has no message, no leader, and no agenda.
Red states are parasites.
It was so cold outside this morning, I saw a Republican with his hands in his own pockets.
The five deadliest cities in America are in Republican controlled states.
^^^ Dotard deflection.
Jesus loves you, personally I think you are an assh0le,but Jesus loves you...
Dumpsters upset about kneeling during anthem, defend alt-right troll who was fired by Google.
Cons expect blacks to perform for their amusement but remain silent.
Social Conservatives in particular aren't into "freedom".\nThey're into conformity.
Handjobity is #1 in cable news because Bill O'Rapey was finally let go.
Con - someone who thinks other people should pay more taxes
Kushner? He thinks he's a woman.
GOP congressman Tim Murphy repeatedly promoted antiabortion stance a week after reportedly telling mistress to get abortion
Cons want "straight white males" checking the genitals of bathroom entrants to makes sure they match the sign.
Melania is working the corner of 5th and K tonight.
Melania wares makeup to cover the bruises.
Cons dismiss facts as lies, accept lies as facts.
Rats and giraffes can't throw up.
They say a beaver can swim a mile under water on a single breath.
LOL typically stupid cons -- once someone disagrees with you they're a "liberal"
Liberals give out candy to celebrate Halloween.\n\ntrumpanzees give out candy to lure children into their windowless vans
