James Harris Jackson traveled to New York to launch a series of violent attacks on black men, killing one.
Benjamin McDowell of Myrtle Beach, South Carolina planned targeting a local synagogue "in the spirit of Dylann Roof"
Jerry Varnell planned on blowing up the Federal Reserve building in Washington D.C.
Daniel Musso bought four grenades from an undercover informant, describing himself as part of a group of people who wanted to “bring forth the original constitution.”
William Keebler of Stockton, Utah, was arrested in June 2016 after attempting to set off a bomb at a Bureau of Land Management facility in Arizona
Curtis Allen, Gavin Wright, and Patrick Eugene Stein, planned to use truck bombs to blow up an apartment complex inhabited primarily by Somali immigrants
Jonathan Leo Schrader, a man described as being known for his “venomous an-ti-government, anti-law enforcement rhetoric,” on explosives charges related to what was described as a plot to blow up a federal courthouse.
Robert Doggart, an ordained minister and anti-Muslim extremist from Tennessee, planned to attack Muslim-owned buildings, including a mosque and school, in Hancock, New York and shoot the occupants.
Dylann Storm Roof conducted a deadly shooting spree at the AME Emanuel Church in Charleston on June 17, 2015, killing nine people.
John Huggins planned to attack a police station and kill two police officers. He also discussed bombing other targets in order to foment an uprising against the government.
John Russell Houser killed himself after conducting a vicious shooting spree at a movie theater in Lafayette, Louisiana, that left two people dead and nine others injured. Houser, obsessed at the perceived moral decay of the United States
Walter Eugene Litteral, Christopher James Barker, and Christopher Todd Campbell stockpiled weapons and ammunition, and attempted to make pipe bombs and grenades, in order to combat the federal government, which they believed was going to declare martial law.
David Deegan, an adherent of the anti-government sovereign citizen movement, was arrested on a state charge of threatening to commit a terrorist act in connection with a plot Deegan had to take over the state government of West Virginia in Charleston by force, as a stepping stone to taking over the United States government.
Robert Doyle, Ronald Chaney III, and Charles Halderman planned to incite a “race war” by measures such as bombing or otherwise attacking black churches and synagogues, and other violent acts
Allen “Lance“ Scarsella  travelled to a Black Lives Matter protest in north Minneapolis, where Scarsella opened fire on protesters there, shooting five people
Robert Dear opened fire at a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado Springs, killing three people
Shane Robert Smith planned to target Jews and African-Americans for assassination. Smith hoped to form a new “hit squad” that he dubbed the “Silent Resistance Army.”
Terry Eugene Peace, Brian Edward Cannon and Cory Robert Williamson, attempted to obtain thermite and pipe bombs in order to launch terrorist attacks against the federal government.
Robert James Talbot established a group dubbed the American Insurgent Movement, tried to recruit five to six like-minded people to blow up government buildings, rob banks and kill law enforcement officers, as well as to attack mosques as “training missions.”
Frazier Glenn Miller launched an attack on Jewish institutions in the greater Kansas City area, opening fire at two institutions in a shooting spree that took the lives of three people, including one child, before police were able to take him into custody.
and anti-government extremists Jerad and Amanda Miller assassinated two Las Vegas police officers in June 2014, killing them while they were eating lunch at a restaurant.
Eric Charles Smith had 20 home-made bombs, related equipment and materials, and white supremacist literature and paraphernalia. One of the bombs had anti-Obama writing on it.
Larry Steve  McQuilliams launched a shooting attack in downtown Austin, Texas, firing over 100 rounds of ammunition at targets including the Austin Police Department, a federal court house and the Mexican consulate
Glendon Scott Crawford a KKK member and Eric Feight, planned to murder Muslims in upstate New York using a “death ray” device that would emit lethal radiation.
Buford Braden “Bucky” Rogers was in possession of two Molotov cocktails, two “black powder and nail devices,” a pipe bomb, and a semi-automatic rifle at his home. Rogers regularly talked of plans to use his militia group  to cut off communications to the City of Montevideo, raid the National Guard Armory, and bomb the Montevideo Police Department.
and sovereign citizens, David Allen Brutsche and Devon Newman, plotted to kidnap and kill police officers.
James David Kircus with constructed a bomb out of automobile airbags he took from the auto shop where he worked and allegedly threatened to “kill all those n------ at the half-way house by blowing them up.”
Paul Anthony Ciancia, an anti-government extremist fixated on the Transportation Security Administration (TSA), targeted TSA officers during a November 2013 shooting rampage at the Los Angeles airport.
Keith Michael Novak stole confidential personal information of hundreds of military personnel in order to create fake military IDs for members of his militia group, the 44th Spatha Libertas.
Ku Klux Klan leader Charles Robert Barefoot, Jr. planned to blow up Johnston County Sheriff Steve Bizzell, the county courthouse, and the county jail.
Samuel James Johnson and Joseph Benjamin Thomas planned to attack the U.S. government, minorities, and “left-wing” targets.
Francis Grady to sentenced to eleven years in prison for the arson of a Grand Chute Planned Parenthood building.
